first basic modifs from last PR (#1)
jmcook1186/biosnicar-website: pages/about.mdx

In the first version of `biosnicar`, the impurity optical properties were theoretical, based upon a pigment mixing model and values for the mass absorption coefficient of each pigment from the marine phytoplankton literature. 
The snow and ice optical properties were based on Mie theory assuming all grains to be relatively small and spherical. The next iteration of the model added support for large grains whose optical properties were calculated using geometric optics instead of Mie theory. 
The rationale was that this would be better for simulating the large blocky pieces of ice observed in the porous "weathering crust" on the Greenland Ice Sheet and elsewhere. However, it was later discovered that the most accurate way to simulate the weathered crust was by representing them as solid ice slabs and using an adding-doubling solver (After Whicker et al 2022). 
This was added as a third option to the model in 2022. Soon after, empirical values for snow and glacier algae optical properties were measured by Chevrollier et al (2022) and incorporated into the mdoel in place of the original "theoretical" values. 

> `biosnicar` v2 finally shipped after a complete refactor of the code base, deprecating the old model structure inhertied from the Matlab code and rewriting it in an object-oriented style that made the model more flexible and easier to use. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`biosnicar` v2 finally shipped after a complete refactor of the code base, deprecating the old model structure inherited from the Matlab code and rewriting it in a more modular style that made the model more flexible and easier to use. 
```
